feat(transaction-summary): restructure and add operations breakdown (#3489)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/transaction-summary.mdx

Every transaction has a summary view that gives you a better understanding of its overall health. With this view, you'll find graphs, instances of these events, stats, facet maps, related errors, and more.

![Example of Transaction Summary](./perf-transaction-summary.png)

## Overview

### Filter and Search

<Note>

This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> While you can use the search field to narrow down your event search, you can also filter by http, db, browser and resource by toggling between operations in the Filter. This will be reflected in the rest of the page to enable targeted drilldowns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can use the search field to narrow down your events, you can also filter by http, db, browser, and resource by toggling between operations in the "Filter" menu. This filtering is reflected in the rest of the page, which provides you with more targeted drill-downs.
```
